Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to make
forest like this
using the engine 5.7.
Okay, open these two.
Okay, create new project.
Go to games person as template. Name the
project. Okay, now hit create.
Okay, after creating this project, we
have to go to file, create new level.
After creating this new level, hit empty
level. Hit create. Now let's go to
window set up the lighting with
environment light mixer. Let's sky light
directional lighting sky atmosphere
volutric for cloud and height for and
finally set up enable this volutric. So
after making this
we have to go right here search for
ncape
it create a new landscape after creating
different ski
V is a warning.
See this level was saved right here.
Now let's add our material and download
the material from the parties.
Before we begin the work,
let's go here to content draw. Go to
Fab.
Open the F. There's been let's see
search for forest material fields
beach.
Uh download this material add to project
version
and the downloading is begin. Okay.
Fine. Downloading is finished. We get
this file after downloading this. After
that, let's search for the grass multip.
We have to download some grass. More
filter set price only shows free
products.
Yeah, let's download some grass.
Download this.
For best result, we have to download
highest quality as possible. for me.
Download the
this quality mod because it's a
tutorial.
Okay.
>> Let's don't do this.
download this grass.
Okay, let's search for example for some
flowers.
Okay, the fish is all green.
Okay, let's choose this type of flute
forest.
Let's star
material for this is for the ground. I
think it's ripped. Let's choose this.
For this material, we want to choose the
low quality, the highest quality as
possible. Better.
After downloading this,
let's download this.
Let's start
here.
>> This one
after my project.
This block is downloaded.
>> Okay, I think uh we are done from this.
Close this.
This
re go here to edit. Go to plug in.
Search for prostitive content generation
VC.
Enable this plug area.
After downloading and importing all of
those material, hit the restart. Is it
true?
Uh you need to sect all of them
and save it.
Okay, now the restarting is finished.
Let's close this. Go to the content
drawer. Open our L.
After opening this level, we have to go
here to landscape mode
and make some sculpting.
Make some different P to auto.
Okay.
Now let's return right here to selection
mode. See for
go right here. Search for PCV
PC graph create entry graph
PC focus.
This is the place of our graph.
Now let's extend
this by pressing R.
Make it bigger as possible.
We will right here. Change the speed
camera. I think four is good.
Now
let's go up the PC forest graph after
opening this business.
Let's get our work data.
Get landscape data.
Surface center.
Grass field point. this
bound this will be file
and this transform point this
one is for the trace. Okay, first of
all, we have to come on this lamp
and do in this place for static miss.
Okay, for the main offset of those
trees, let's make it 0.8 at
1.5
L
Z conc
or the rotation let's set zero
300° or three axis for the scanning the
same thing 0.8 Yeah.
1.6.
>> Okay. I think think it's
uh the for bound modifier
remain.
Now
let's go here to static miss out. We
have to add for the mesh entries
five types
of trees.
Let's call it here with enable this one
by clicking right here and after that
click right here.
Select all of them by
selecting control
A and enable light.
Nite is enabled by default. Now
if M sync miss entries we have to search
for static
and add those mess. How to do that? We
have to build first one right here.
Second one.
Third one.
One.
And finally.
Now let's add the watch.
X three for jump one two
Y.
Okay, let's see what's happening right
here. Okay,
what's this?
Okay, to fix this problem, we have to go
have to surface simpler
setting
point meter 3 0 0 1
0.
Let's see.
Let's go right here.
Okay, let's press save here. Let's
extend
without extend this. So you have to go
here
disable
and let's extend
the PC reable now right now.
>> Okay. I think now it's a goat.
Yeah, the truth. The other thing is
let's copy this craft.
Okay.
I feel this won't hold the gas
or the simpler want to set this switch
one
ext
and
for the mesh entries
let's trade services.
Let's return to the content.
Disable this app.
Go here to static me and
select all of one.
Let's go here to nite and enable night
for all of those wishes.
After enabling nite,
we have to select first one. We have
find messes. We have to go over here.
Search for static.
Okay. First one.
Second one.
Let's add all of them.
Make 10.
Okay. Two.
Three.
Four.
Yep.
Six.
and finally
I've set this to
10. [clears throat]
Okay,
it's
very small.
Let's set for example here. It's really
late right here.
Okay,
now it looks beautiful.
Okay, after doing that, let's set up the
ground.
Disable this. We hit the mechan surfaces
forest floor
material
and select the landscape right here.
Go down.
I can drag it like this.
Okay. You think it's good?
Why forest is good?
The secret to make a realistic
forest
to have many grassy types is to make a
realist as possible. Okay. Now, let's
change the lighting. Ctrl M press.
It takes some time to render.
Okay.
Now let's save our level
and let's see what's remains for this
forest.
Okay, I think it's done.
Thank you guys for watching this all for
this tutorial. How to make realistic FL
of this.